# Python-To-do-List-Application
# To-do List Application in Python
#### Requirements: tabulate
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/x1-7f-HbMsI>
#### Description: This project is a simple to-do list application in the terminal created with Python. tabulate was used to create a more visually appealing to-do list for the user. To create this project, you will have to install tabulate by "pip install tabulate" and make sure to include "import tabulate from tabulate" in your code.The file "project.py" is the only file needed to run the program. It can be run by running "python project.py" in the terminal. The program includes 5 defined functions excluding main, including the a function to get user input, add an item to the task list, delete an item from the task list, or edit an item in the task list. The function to get user input that starts the program displays a legend with the 5 possible requests and their corresponding keys to call those requests. The keys and their requests are: A - add a task, D - delete a task, E - edit a task, V - view all tasks, and Q - quit the application. The to-do list starts off as an empty list with a count of 0 tasks. When a user adds a task to the to-do list, the task is added to the list with a corresponding number that matches the order in which the user inputted the tasks. For example, if a user inputs a task "finish homework" and another task "wash dishes", and if the user presses V, then the task list will display the number 1 with "finish homework" and the number 2 with "wash dishes". If the user would like to edit a task, they can press E and pick the number of the task that they would like to edit. Then, they will be prompted with a message asking what they would like to update the task to. After entering this, the user can press V again to view the list, where they will see the updated task in the position that the original task was in. If the user would like to delete a task because they completed it or no longer need it in the list, they can press D, and they will be prompted with a message asking them the number of the task that they would like to delete. After entering this, the user can press V again to view the list, and they will see that the task they requested to delete has been removed from the list. The user can use all of these functions as long as they would like until they press Q to quit the application. There are while loops implemented in the program to let the code run until the user specifies to quit by pressing Q. In addition, the file "test_project.py" includes 3 test functions that test the functions add, delete, and edit from the "project.py" file. The test functions use monkeypatch due to the dynamic nature of the list that is used throughout the program. There is also a main function in "test_project.py" that calls all of the test functions. The test program can be run by running "pytest test_project.py" in the terminal.
